[Music]
how's it going everyone and welcome to
my fourth and final video in my daily
profile Series in this video we are
going to be focused on the Seek and
Destroy profile and personally this is a
profile I wish to avoid however I will
discuss how I can approach it if I was
to take entries within it similar to my
previous video in the series I'm going
to focus on London and then the New York
am session so what does a Seek and
Destroy profile look like on the daily
chart well it is going to be an
indecision candle if you don't know what
an indecision candle is please check out
my video on open high low close now an
indecision candle is where price opens
and closes at relatively the same point
with no direction throughout the day so
what does this look like on a lower time
frame you can see we open up the day we
don't really have any direction London
tries to make a move in One Direction
but that is just countered and each time
we reach outside of the range we just
fall back into the range right we cannot
expand in One Direction and the only
difference between a bullish example and
a bearish example is just how the daily
candle closes now how and why do these
occur well this generally occurs when
the market is either waiting for some
sort of high impact news so for example
the the day before CPI fomc or NFP or
there is a lack of Direction on the
higher time frame charts such as the
daily chart now one way I recognize this
is I take a look at Asia London and New
York so I know I said I focus on New
York and London and that is going to be
the focus I'm going to take a look at
London and see what it did in relation
to the Asian range so generally with a
Seek and Destroy London fails to have
any direction and so what happen happens
is London will take both sides of the
Asia range so you can see it takes Asia
low and Asia high and then that sets up
consolidation or Seek and Destroy
conditions for New York now although I
prefer to avoid this price action
entirely as I focus on expansions if I
was going to be looking to anticipate or
trade a Seek and Destroy profile what
would I do what I would do is focus on
trading back into the range so instead
of trying to play out of the range or
from the inside out I would be trying to
look from the outside of the range back
in and what I would do for this is Mark
out the equilibrium or discount and
premium of this London range so you can
see from the low to the high here is my
0. five and looking to trade back into
the range right this would be my first
Target and then I can use my second
target as the lows right cuz price I'm
expecting it to oscillate so as we move
lower here and swept out the London lows
if I'm into anticipating price to
continue to consolidate I'm not
anticipating price to break out lower
I'm anticipating price to go back into
the range so once again marking out the
equilibrium and looking for price to
trade back inside the range now another
thing I can do is Mark out that Asia
range the daily open or whatever range
is sitting in here when we deviate
outside of that range it's going to act
like a magnet and price is going to go
rebalance it so you can see here in
London when we exit the range we trade
back into it exit the range trade back
into it exit the range trade back into
it now the last thing I'm going to talk
about before I get into a few examples
is another Seek and Destroy condition
for New York you can see in this case
London did not sweep both sides of Asia
and just consolidate but London actually
had the expansion and created most of
the daily range if most of the daily
range is already created in London I
don't really have high expectations for
New York to have a large move so this
sets up low probability conditions in
which I expect price to consolidate so
this is also where I will generally
avoid looking at price so here we are in
our first example I'm going to have the
daily open high low close marked out I'm
using the power three indicator as well
as some session boxes and that is just
the indicator called underscore boxes
and these are the times I have listed
for those the only reason I'm using
London as as 2 to 8:30 is I use 2 to 5
but then I get a blank space so I just
extend it to the start of the am session
so letting Asia form here you can see we
just range and then we form our Asia low
and high now if we are going to have a
consolidation day and that is probable
following a very large range day that
can set up consolidation conditions I'd
want to see if we can displace out of
this range here
and you can see we take our Asia low
here and we can't get any displacement
or a breakout of this range and we come
back inside so now I'd want to see our
Asia
High here we get our Asia high and we
can't get a break out of this side of
the range either right we are just
consolidating or going from external
liquidity back into this range and if I
extend these lines out this is what I
was talking about with the PDF for Price
trading back into this range so let's
see what happens in the New York session
you can see we get a move out of this
range where do we go back to inside the
range right and if we're going to Mark
out our premium and discount of the
range you can see outside of the range
we go and hit our equilibrium now let's
see what's happens next right so now we
have a new discount and premium range
from here to
here and you can see see we go back into
just around equilibrium of that range
the daily open and into this initial
range here and so we just get this
consolidation day that has no true
Direction so you can see we do have a
little up Clos candle here but relative
to our opening price we closed 80 points
on inq away from that so that's not much
range throughout the day right it's kind
of that whip saww price action so here
we are with our next example and this we
have Euro US on the 15minute chart and
you can see we have our Asia range here
marked out and so we'll mark out the
high and low of that range and let's
take a look at London
here so you can see we start to get a
move outside of that range and then we
get an aggressive move right back into
the range right so now I could look for
price to trade back inside this range or
go to the other side of the
range now at the other side of the range
you can see we can't displace or break
out of this side of the range either
where do we go to we marking out
discount and premium of this range we go
back into equilibrium of this range back
into this initial range and back into
the daily open R so extending these
lines out for the rest of the day let's
see how this plays
out you can see we have just been
sitting inside this range and here we
now make a new low now unless we are
going to break out of the range and have
an exp expansion lower I'm expecting
price to trade back where back into the
initial range here back towards the
daily open and I can also use discount
and premium of this leg down right so
let's see what
happens and I will just track that with
the discount and premium as it goes
lower we make a new low I just continue
to track that and you can see we go back
and hit our
equilibrium and back into this initial
range as well as going towards the daily
open so you can see as we let this day
finish or play out once again we exit
this little range right back into the
range and we have this indecision Candle
on the daily the main point of adding
this video into my daily profiles is not
for me to actually participate or trade
this profile it's more so to learn from
it and know when to stay out of the
market so I hope you enjoyed the daily
profile series series if you guys want
another series please let me know what
you would like in the comment section
below and I will get through them all
but thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you guys in the
next one see you